hey what's going on everybody and
welcome to this episode of learning from
the pros joining me today is none other
than Pedro Cortez welcome Pedro super
excited to have you here awesome man
thanks for having me I just uh look
forward to share all my tips sharing all
my tips and making it as actionable as
possible so Pedro today is going to be
sharing with us his top 10 landing page
tips if you guys don't know about Pedro
he is a SAS landing page master but I
will let the the master himself intro
him yeah awesome so basically what I do
is I just help SAS companies with their
conversions right essentially the main
thing uh you know to over overly
simplify it is that uh we take the AA
moments that people usually have once
they jump on a call or they try the
products uh and then we just try to
provide those before they even uh before
they even sign up before they even book
The call right so remember all these
amazing things that people get blown
away once you show them the product what
if we just show them before they even
try it just makes them way more likely
to try it uh so that's one of the
pillars and the other pillar is taking
away the risk right so it's there's a
lot of risk in buying a SAS product
maybe it's you have to train your team
or the setup time or migration from one
tool to another just learning how to use
the tool all these things that's scare
people away even if they think the tool
is 10 times better than what they're
using now right so those are the main
two pillars and we're going to share way
more during this call so many threads to
pull on there um all right let's dive in
with tip number one uh awesome so the
these are not uh in any particular order
but uh I would say one of the tips that
we can start with is that when you're
creating a landing page you are not
selling me on like you shouldn't show me
the entire product right show me an
overview of the products the goal of a
landing page is to give me enough
information for me to make a decision if
I want to try it or not right I don't
need to learn about the the whole
products I don't need to learn all the
details all I need is it's just enough
information for to create curiosity for
me to take the next step right the
landing page is not selling on the
products it's selling on taking the next
step right the demo or the trial sells
you on the products right so when you
have a clear distinction between what
each of these things need to do then it
becomes much more obvious what needs to
go on the page and what doesn't so one
of the biggest problems assess companies
have is they they feel like they need to
add so much stuff to their page that
obviously it just it reads really really
badly because just too much stuff on it
there's no they didn't prioritize
anything nothing kind of works together
in terms of how explaining things like
if you explain a feature it doesn't
explain how two features work together
all these little things just because
they don't know how to prioritize they
feel like they need to sell the whole
product but they don't it's just giving
them enough curiosity if you if you want
to use a dating metaphor is you don't
want to get married on the first dates
on the first date you're selling you're
selling yourself to getting a second
date and then a third date and then
selling your cell phone start actually
like officially dating so on so forth
right so we sell one step at a time it
becomes much easier that way and you're
not a
creep that's that's very it's very good
advice don't ask for marriage on the
first dat that's I hope everybody really
took away from that you know that
Paradigm Shift really it's it's such a
simple but profound way of thinking
about it the goal of the landing page
isn't to sell your product it's to get
somebody to convince somebody to try it
essentially and to your point when you
think about it from that frame you're
already like the first thing that came
to my mind when you said that was what
are the objections that people have that
are coming up all the time you know and
then can you preemptively answer those
things on the landing page so that now
they're like okay you've answered these
concerns these initial concerns I have
and I can see the perceived value I'm
willing to try your product and see and
then from there go through the the
mechanism that you have one metaphor
that I use all the time or one analogy I
use all the time is your website is like
a salesperson right so imagine if you
had a salesperson that was getting
visitors every single day they were on
calls every single day but they would
never address objections right they
could present their products in the best
way possible but at the end they would
never address objections right what
would happen they would close zero deals
and that's what your website is doing at
the moment if you don't think about it
that way right if you don't have that
right mindset when you're creating your
own page exactly the same thing it just
changes the medium for people listening
listening to this that are product Le
you know people tendency on the product
Le side they might be listening to this
and they might be thinking well I don't
really need um a good landing page
because people can just try my product
and then they'll they'll see for their
from the self what would you say to
folks like that it's like the first step
still applies right because what you're
doing is you're selling them and we're
going to have examples uh afterwards uh
you're selling them on trying it right
you're selling them on a free plan if
they still have a free trial you can
sell them on a free trial right so it's
one thing at a time like the onboarding
process is meant to sell you on the
premium version of the products and have
very clear a very clear distinction
between what you can get for free and
why you should upgrade right that is how
you design the product LE model as well
right so yeah it's it's the same thing
same same thing applies you're still say
selling them on signing up in the first
place cuz even if the product is free
you still need to sell them because it
costs time even just the mental
bandwidth of switching from one tool to
another or just even trying it nowadays
when the they've been promised a lot of
things but in reality tools don't work
like the skepticism that people have
before trying a SAS products just keeps
boggling my Minds right the bad
experiences they had the things they
expect to happen that are not even close
to to being true the how long they they
expect things to be set up where in
reality they're really simple and if we
don't communicate communicate these
things they're never going to know right
yeah just because something's free
doesn't mean you don't have to sell it
you know you might be offering it for
for nothing right but there is a value
associated with that thing and it's on
you to make sure that that value is
communicated and you're you're answering
all those objections so that they can go
ahead and try the thing that's huge on
the ad side like people offer ebooks and
webinars for free and they put no
thought and effort like effort into
actually selling the webinar selling the
ebook getting people interested to
actually wanting to explore that thing
and they just they have asset all right
alexos has a great saying like free crap
is still crap yes so it's very
true same thing all right tip number two
awesome so I would say tip number two
could be uh selling uh it's it goes head
in hand with what we're talking right so
you need to sell me on the call to
action right so let's say I'm a visitor
on your website you need to sell me on
trying the products right sell me on the
call to action itself so you're not
going to say hey go ahead and book a
demo or contact our sales or go ahead
and and try our products or uh sign up
for free that doesn't cut it right
because that what that tells me is okay
I can try the products but what am I
going to get I can book the call but
what am I going to see right so I'll
give you those two examples let's say
we're doing the call first right if I'm
booking a call here's what people assume
will happen because it did happen before
and the bigger the customer the more s
products they they' bought before the
more skeptical they are right so this is
something that sometimes happens with my
clients is they may not get that many
more conversions like say they get a 20%
increase to a 30% increase doesn't sound
that much but they start attracting a
level of customers that they just
couldn't convert before because they're
way more skeptical and they pay pay five
times more right which is a goal in of
itself so let's say a demo right so you
say hey contact our sales team book your
demo in this call we'll show you the
products blah blah blah or let's just
jump on a call see if it's a good fit
right it has no goals so that's not good
so what we want is we uh is if you put
yourself in the shoes of the uh Prospect
you of the visitor they're thinking okay
I'm going to jump on a 1hour call I
don't know if this is going to be a
product person or salesperson I'm
probably going to be pissed for 60
minutes and they're going to follow up
with me forever I'm barely going to be
able to see the product they're probably
only going to be showing me slides or I
need to jump on several calls before I
actually see the real demo right so what
what does that do for a real decision
maker is it's either gonna say I'm not
going to book the call I'm GNA send a
junior person that doesn't have any
decision power to book the call instead
so that's the kind of C you're going to
attract right that is just same thing so
I'll give you an example from a client
that we did a while back so they had a a
tool for YouTube ads and the angle that
we used because that's actually what
happened uh uh or what they offer is uh
they have the Google interface YouTube
interface and they show uh placements
that you can't find in there because
they're they they come from suggested
videos which is where 70% of the traffic
comes from it's no longer from no longer
from search for YouTube ads in specific
so what we did is we used that angle on
the landing page but once we get to the
demo page or suggesting the demo we said
we positioned this as a free Google ads
uh a free YouTube ads consultation right
so in this 60-minute call or whatever it
was we're going to show you the products
and we're going to give you you're going
to walk away with 10 placements that
you'll never see that theyve never seen
before that you never tested so you walk
away from the call with something that
it can take action on
and you saw the products uh working
during the demo and how it applies to
you uh so it's very very very very
valuable right and it gives them a tiny
results because if they want a bigger
results and obviously if you're doing
ads you need to be constantly testing uh
they're going to have to buy the tool
right so it's perfect does that make
sense you have like any questions around
that before I move on to the trial
example because I have a trial example
as well just how how I'm interpreting
what you're saying you're you're
mentioning so we have to sell the call
to action the the first thing that came
to my head it's like almost like a
reframe so it's I I I heard this I don't
remember who said this but I know I
didn't come up with this but it was like
framing it from a call to action to a
call to Value so instead of book a demo
labeling it in a way where they can
realize the value that they're going to
have from that experience yep exactly
right and it's not giving them a a gift
card or anything like that it's just
showing that the demo itself is going to
be valuable right that's what what gets
them to show up and that's what gets
decision makers to show up because
otherwise it just feels like like a
waste of time and that's what I said
they're either not going to book the
call they're going to send someone that
doesn't have the P to make the decision
yeah and then you rely on their ability
to sell your products back to the
decision maker not happening yep so like
going through going through the example
you just mentioned instead of get your
free demo free you YouTube ads
consultation where you'll be able to see
keywords and placements you can find
your dashboard yeah exactly and uh that
was an example for that particular
client I take it on a caseby Case basis
there's limitations of what they can
offer during the demo but we'll always
find the best angle possible so the demo
sounds just something you would be
willing to pay for MH that's the goal
right y um so the other example is uh is
for a trial so I had this clients uh
even recently they essentially they had
um a tool to gather reviews from the
square POS so like you're a small
business you have a square POS and then
it has like an automat automatic
sequence to ask for reviews so you can
get reviews on autopilots and then you
can rank better in Google Maps because
all these business businesses rely on
info traffic and all these things like
they're very location based what we did
is instead of saying hey get your free
trial try it for free and so on cuz
small businesses they're insanely
skeptical of products they they're they
fear they're going to be locked in in a
contract they wouldn't be able to cancel
they're fear hidden charges and so on
and we took the complet completely
different routes because what we said
said and this is the headline I copied
and pasted it so I have it on hand is
that 87% of our trial users get 10 plus
uh new reviews even during the free
trial wow so I'm going to break that
down for you so it says that most people
it doesn't say everyone because it
doesn't sound realistic gets 10 plus
reviews and to give you an idea 10 plus
reviews like half the time is more
reviews that they have they they got in
the in the last 6 months so you're
telling me I'm going to get a result
that I didn't get in the last 6 months
and I'm going to get it in a week and
I'm going to get it for free yeah no I I
used to have a DJ business and we we
grew primarily on um our local listings
so like hearing you say this if I would
have seen that you know back when I had
my DJ business 100% I would have
converted you know the the value is
realized for sure yeah so that's the
goal and they they got like an they have
like an insane trial to paid conversion
I remember it was like 80% it was
ridiculous
even with ads so by improving the front
ends that's going to be a massive
changer you know pulling on that thread
a little bit I know people are listening
to this and they might they might be
fearful they're like well I don't want
to be so specific because what if they
don't get 10 plus new reviews right they
get eight or they get seven they get six
and just speaking with my experience I
realized the power of reviews when I
started my first business which was my
DJ business and one of the things that
we did we and I was in Miami so you can
imagine it's like the most saturated
Market of DJs everyone's a DJ and what
we did was I realized when I was serving
my audience was a huge pain Point around
being afraid that the DJ won't show up
on time like it kept coming up people
were like is the DJ going to show oh my
God if he doesn't show or she doesn't
show like everything's going to go wrong
it was a massive paino so what I decided
to do was to guarantee against it so my
thing was we show up on time or you
don't pay and that was my gu guantee
when I had my DJ business this was you
know I don't know 9 years ago and we
crushed and from that experience
offering the guarantee the amount of
business that we generated having the
guarantee far outweighed all of the
negatives and in my experience running
that DJ business it wasn't a long time
it was like uh 2 years I never had to
give a refund and even when we didn't
show up on time and we would show up
like 5 minutes late 10 minutes late no
one actually asked for a refund so if
you're listening to this and you're
really fearful to like put your ass on
the line and actually have something it
doesn't have to be as Extreme as a you
know 100% money back guarantee in my
case but just know that the net positive
of what you'll get from what you lose
makes it so worthwhile I I think that's
like a game changer for a DJ business
but I just want to emphasize that it's
not this is not even a guarantee because
these are things that happen anyway but
people don't know about it right these
are this is the result that people are
getting during the free trial but it was
never communicated no no one knew about
this so if they don't know about this
then it's it's like it's not real right
perceived value is always better than
the real value itself so you know you've
maximized your conversions when people
when the perceived value equals the the
real value offer uh which you know it's
it's very unlikely for that to happen
right so that's that's that's always a
goal I feel like we could stop here and
people already got so much so many
takeaways and insights but we're only on
tip number two so tip number three so
yeah hold on a little bit longer people
always talk about features versus
benefits I don't really see it that way
I sell uh I think about in terms of um
selling outcomes right so what we want
and I always give this example right so
let's say you're selling analytics which
is a really boring product that no one
really likes using right if you think
about it you're not really selling
analytics right where you're selling is
the insights that I can get I would say
it's more like the benefits but the real
outcome is if I get this Analytics tool
it means I'm going to find some sort of
metric some sort of insights that is the
benefits that would will then lead me to
fix some sort of issue in my ads or in
my funnel so I can make more money right
so if you can sell them and it has to be
indirect because if you tell them you're
going to make more money from analytics
people are just going to say it's BS so
they need to understand hey if I get
this Analytics tool I'm going to get
this this in this Insight that I
currently can't track and because I can
get this Insight then for sure I'm going
to make more money right so let's say I
came to you and you do ads all the time
I'm going to and I would say siio I will
fix your attribution problem for this
specific type of AD and instantly in
your hand you you would think about 10
ways that that will make you more money
you put a dollar sign in your head that
I didn't have to say the rightly right
so it's not about features versus
benefits is thinking about what is the
thing that people actually want from
your products and then showing how that
actually happens and then from there
they'll understand what is the outcome
that they can get right because I see a
lot of tools saying I'm going to make
you more money I'm going to save you
more time it has to be an undeniable
promise so I saw this is not my example
but I saw example that I really loved
the copy could still be a little bit
better but it was really smart so they
had this uh tool called same day
basically what was is uh I think it was
like an AI so essentially you make a
call to a small business and then AI an
AI voice answers and it looks like
pretty realistic and then you get an
appointment or something and if it's
undeniable that if I can get someone
answering the phone
24/7 right always picks up the phone can
answer any question how am I not going
to make more money and then they even
anchor the pricing when you go to the
pricing page that is the one that I save
to my swipe file is it says something
along the lines of imagine having the
perfect let's say secretary like whoever
answer the phone working 24/7 never
missing a day and you pay them 25 cents
an hour because that's what they charge
per month if that's like if you do the
math so it's insanely smart so that's
what you want to do like you want to
sell them on the outcome not on the
features and the benefits right the
features lead to the benefits and the
benefits lead to the outcome uh which is
it's a little bit harder to do than it
sounds but the concept is pretty simple
I love that yeah I'm I'm already
thinking about like sections on our site
that I'm like we got to update
that you know just just hearing you
speak through it but it makes 100% sense
all right so tip number four yeah so tip
number four we could say it's um more
contrast this is not really like a real
name but essentially when you're selling
software or really when you're selling
anything you're selling contrasts so
here's what I mean you're selling the
contrast between what they're using now
and what they should be using the
contrast between the results they're
getting Now versus the results they want
to get right let's say this is the
contrast the bigger the contrast the
easier it is to sell because the more
pain there is the bigger the problem and
the bigger the the the outcome that they
want to get the bigger the rewards right
so let's say if they look at your
product they look at it they think it's
it's great they has good features it has
a lot of things that they need it kind
of hits like the checklist that they had
when they were look for a tool right
when they were looking for a tool or
they asked their team or whatever right
but their impression is it's like this
is 10 20% better than what we're using
now what does the brain do the brain
says not worth it right constantly
starts thinking about hey this is going
to take a long time to switch this is
going to be a pain you going to have to
migrate uh all the all the data teach
your entire Team how to use it yeah the
upside is not going to be worth it right
especially because people are already
overwhelmed with a lot of things at the
same time so it's not worth it but
imagine if they came to your website and
this is how I Define Contra so when I do
the onboarding calls with clients I ask
these sort of questions so I can really
expand the contrast right so let's say
the type of questions I would ask in
order to provide a picture of the
product that seems 10 times better than
what they're using now is something
along the lines of what is something
that is currently impossible for them to
do that they really want to do right
what is something that normally takes a
long time but your product could do it
really fast right what is something that
your product can automate so you know
the people use it using it could focus
on something else and what is that
something else so I'll give you an
example an interior design tool actually
I'll give you two interior design tools
but they're different uh because I think
those are the easiest ones to understand
let's say something that normally takes
a long time but it can do really fast
right uh that tool what it did is you're
designing a room let's say a living room
kitchen whatever normally takes a long
time because you have to do all the
models yourself and you have to render
and while you render uh your computer is
unusable all these little things and as
you you can't really go through itations
really fast right what does that product
do that product what it does is it's
browser based all the rendering happens
in their servers and it has 60,000
pre-built models so you don't have to do
anything you drag and drop the models
you can aate really fast and then what
we did is we showed them we didn't
promis we we like we made the promise
but we showed them that it was real so
we said you could do it five times
faster and what we did is we did a time
lapse of doing a living room if I
remember correctly in 30 minutes that
normally would take the entire day so we
did a sped up version of someone
designing a living room that looked
amazing and then we normally that would
take the entire day or the entire like
two or three days to create so we show
them and it's like they're Blown Away by
it we also in the social proof section
instead of saying the tool is amazing
what we did is we went to their
Instagram because they're already
posting this but they didn't say how
long it took we took screenshots of what
people were designing and we said
designs in 30 minutes design in 45
minutes right instead of relying on
their testimonials so that's going like
above and beyond like executing to
Perfection What I what I just said
that's one example uh another for
example let's say something that they
rather automates so they can focus on
something else right the other interior
design tool that I was talking about
that is more to it's like a project
management tool for interior designers
it's not for the design itself but what
it does is they had this let's say they
were ordering lots of things right say
they say let's say they're renewing a a
kitchen they have the smooth board that
they had to go through they talk with
the clients the signing on what is going
to go in the kitchen and what doesn't
making sure it fits the budgets and it
fits the dimensions and so on
because they go through so many
iterations then they have to manually
update a spreadsheet so then they can
order everything and make sure it gets
arrives on time so the kitchen can be
redone remodeled on time right
physically like in the actual location
yeah so what happened a lot of mistakes
would happen they would order the wrong
things they would waste a bunch of money
because they order a $500 faucet that is
not the correct one and then it's b a
horrible experience for the clients what
that tool did is it took all the things
that during the mode board and the
inspiration process and the approval
process and then you exported it right
away so uh it's linked back to all the
websites where you found them uh and
then it has gathered all the diens
dimensions by scraping the website and
then you just export it and then you can
just focus on the modeling process or
building it and there are no mistakes
and it's also you think that was
impossible
www. just Kidd like swiching the product
that's awesome no yeah it's it's
undeniable yeah that's what want making
it undeniable when you're going through
that Pedro one of the things that popped
in my mind is I love that idea how you
create you you got creative and you're
like with the timelapse to create that
undeniable proof and if you're listening
to this right now to this point around
the contrast right and creating more
contrast like if there's I also think of
it as like stacking the deck like using
you know different terminology but it's
like if there isn't a large enough
spread of where they are and and and
where you can take them then the you
know the likeliness of them taking
action is not as great and if you're
listening to this right now and you have
a great product and you know people
actually love it think about what are
the ways that you can create undeniable
proof and get creative right what are
the key things that people are speaking
to that you can then maybe it's a time
lapse like what you did as an example uh
or using Instagram screenshots to to
further showcase you know social proof
from from the actual users and the
outcomes that they're getting going back
to your earlier point but I think that's
to create key point because I think a
lot of people listening to this will
kind of throw up their hands and they'll
say oh well you know like I I have
friends of mine that like oh I I don't
have any testimonials so I can't do
anything it's like what do you mean you
know there's so many ways that you can
create that undeniable proof If you get
creative and kind of think through it
yeah but to your points that is what we
like to call logical proof versus social
proof and if Done Right logical proof is
more powerful because what it does is if
I do this if I have these benefits then
it's undeniable that I'm going to get
the results and that is if Done Right is
more powerful than social proof because
what social proof is saying is that
other people are getting their results
and SAS companies they never do social
proof properly because they don't show
very specific use cases they don't show
befores and afters and they don't show
people that they can resonate with so
people that are very similar to me with
the same problem got the result I want
that is proper social proof and still
it's not as powerful as as logical proof
If done right because it it tells me
that I'm going to get the results versus
other people get the results it's very
very power powerful seeing that but it's
more powerful me having an internal
belief that I'm going to get the result
using this product right so right that
is very important the next step is
called Show versus tell which is similar
to what we were just talking about so if
if you look at your page any page you
have if you have words like fast easy or
better like your copy is already
horrible because you're using like the
most vague terms ever I can't the amount
of people listening to this right now
that are just like you know like faceing
or you know looking to the side yeah
just like words like fast easy or better
which 99% chance you're going to have it
throughout the entire page like it's
just super vague instead what we want to
do is we don't want to say it's really
fast we want to show how fast it is so
the example that I have here so we have
it on the spots is let's say instead of
saying this is the fastest email Builder
right so you can build a campaign really
fast that doesn't mean anything right so
to me that doesn't mean anything because
I because people always have an ego
right so let's say I'm an email marketer
and I come to that page and that the uh
product was designed for me and actually
I can get really good value out of it
but I can see it because I haven't tried
it and I I come there I have like 10
years experience doing email marketing I
have a big ego already and then I'm like
it's not going to work for me because
I'm very Advanced and I do emails all
day and I'm very special because of X Y
and Z and even if they suck they always
have the this ego so you just have to
get around it's just human nature right
it it it is what it is you just have to
account for that but if you tell me like
if you tell me you can build in a
campaign really email campaign really
fast right to me it doesn't matter
because I have 10 years experience right
so I'm getting into that person right
doesn't matter sounds like BS but if I
come to your website and you show and
you make that promise and you show me we
could use the time lapse example as well
watch me like build a 25 email sequence
in 15 minutes then I'm going to watch
that because what that does and it
doesn't have to be a 15-minute video it
could be the time lapse as well or it
can be this is the input that I provided
and this is the output I got so let's
say the email tool used Ai and they used
AI buzzwords throughout the website that
no one cares about right what it should
do is this is the input I I gave it
right so I want uh 25 email sequence and
the first five emails needs needs to
have this goal and it needs to be
similar to this example and at the end I
want to sell this product and we want to
uh follow up with them for two months
because we know that's the buying cycle
right so giving that input which is very
small imagine if I then show you all the
emails that I created so I created all
the emails with your writing uh in tone
uh with your product in mind with your
goal in mind and you already
prescheduled every email how much better
does that sound than just saying it's
fast then you're like blown away when
you see that right completely different
is showing versus telling which we have
to take on a Case byc Case basis but
this is something that you have to do
right because otherwise people are not
going to see even if you have a even if
you have like a free trial they have to
go through some sort of form they need
to have the ideas of what they want to
build for an email campaign which most
likely they don't they just are looking
for a better tool because they're
frustrated but they don't have the ideas
for emails like right now as they signed
up so what that does is they just exit
the tool yeah right they don't have any
examples they don't have any reference
they don't have any they don't see what
the output is so they're not going to be
motivated to try it out with their
product because they they haven't seen
the potential right mhm so that going to
get you more trials and more people
actually using it yeah and I think this
just Blends so well with your earlier
Point um around outcomes you know and
getting creative cuz a lot it's easier
to say it's fast right it's easier is it
it's much less impactful ultimately you
know but people I think they have a
tendency to say things like it's fast
and kind of take the easy way out
because on the flip side it's like well
if I'm going to be specific now I need
to back up those claims and I need to
think about how I'm going to Showcase
that and and and like to your point most
SAS companies they're they're not doing
that you know and that's a huge unlock
for them if they do yeah it's just uh
sounds completely different is it's like
someone that is very well spoken versus
someone that doesn't know how to pitch
themselves even if one is 10 times
smarter than the other right um guess
who's going to get hired yeah in a world
where people are extremely skeptical
especially if you're in the SAS space
and you're dealing with you know
strategic buyers specificity is how
you're going to ultimately resonate
right yeah but it just uh it takes like
a lot of skill and a lot of mental
reference to know exactly where to find
the angle right so the more reference
you have of what's good and what's bad
the better and that we're going to get
to that later as well so the next step
step six I believe we are in Step six
but yeah we're just going to go through
all the tips anyway so
you always want to sell the outcome
indirectly right so it's similar to what
I was telling before because I kind of
went on a tangent uh in one of the tips
is that you want to think about what is
the ultimate outcome that people want to
get and you always have to sell it
indirectly right so the ultimate outcome
is always going to be time or money but
if you tell it directly no one's going
to believe it like you're going to say
use this project management tool to save
time or save money like no you're going
to have to sell it indirectly because
otherwise they're not going to believe
it you can make any promise you'd like
but if you if you don't justify it then
it's pointless right it's like I see
this a lot they might say we are the
number one CRM for this Niche or
something right no one's going to
believe that right your your website
sounds like an egotistical jerk that
just talks good things about himself and
no one likes him right that's what a lot
of SAS websites sound like and then
guess They Don't Really convert that
well right so I'll give you a random
example it's kind of similar to the one
I gave before so I had a client a couple
years back I believe they were acquired
since then uh they had like a an AI
voice uh something that would answer the
phone but it was different like it was
just to gather their details in book an
appointments not to actually sell
anything it was just to book an
appointment so this was specifically for
uh dentists and what would happen is
let's say like whenever you're going to
a dentist because people hate dentist
dentists they already have like a big
problem right usually so they want to
get it fixed fast and if you don't
answer the phone I'll call someone else
the problem is dentists are very
expensive so that lead that you just
missed it could have paid you a th000
bucks or more even if it's not directly
even even it's through insurance doesn't
matter so one thing that I've used
because we also want to quantify this is
every day people call your practice and
for patient you missed it could be like
a th000 bucks right yeah I have to
rephrase it CU I don't remember exactly
we're just quantifying every lead that
that you're missing in goes goes um and
call someone else right yeah so what
we've used is we we went through the
whole page selling them on the idea that
you have this tool that answers your the
phone whenever your secretary isn't
available maybe she's having lunch or
he's having lunch or they are on a break
or they are past business hours H and we
even used a study that said that most
deals come past business hours or on
weekends or something because it was
true and we also used that and then what
we did is we spent the entire page so
they could understand that they're
losing thousands and thousands every
month to their competition that would
answer the phone first that's right yeah
so that's what we did and that's that is
undeniable right you're you're telling
me that if I answer the phone and each
one is worth like a thousand bucks if I
don't answer the phone I'm going to lose
the deal so someone answers the phone
for me I get the money and then I will
you know what I'm thinking too could be
like a great addition to that page and
like a cool way to also show it
indirectly is you create almost like a
slider like a tool where it's like how
many hours is your secretary out like
you know not working or something and
then based on the values it just
multiplies the the associated value of
whatever their lead is worth to them and
now you've cre this like massive
quantifiable number of like great well
we can save you that you know with AI
yeah one really smart thing I've seen
recently and this is inside a product
but the copyrighting principle is the
same if they have like a free live chat
uh tool which is the one I use on my
website and what they do in order to
upsell you to the AI reper or something
because I don't really need that is it's
it show it sends you a report every day
reminding you that you're only online
someone else in my team was online were
they were only online 40% of the time
right or they got this many offline
messages versus this many online
messages right so what it does is
constantly tells you that if someone was
there 24/7 you could have gotten those
leads and it tells you that every day or
every week depending on how you
subscribe to the reports constantly
reminds you of the results that you
should be getting with a paid version in
my case I don't need it but that is
genius yeah right yeah imagine your high
traffic site you know of course 100%
yeah it's the same thing different
medium mhm awesome always sell outcomes
indirectly I love that yeah so the The
Next Step uh would be that the hero the
purpose of the hero is not to sell you
on the product is just to create
curiosity so a lot of SAS companies what
they do is they try to stuff as much
information into the hero as possible
that makes it very vague and then people
don't really get it and then they keep
scrolling and it just gets worse and
worse and then there just like m I'm out
right because if you don't create create
curiosity right away people are either
just going to leave or they're going to
skim the page even more than they
already do because no one reads the page
they skim through the page right that's
why you need to have really good
headlines to grab their attention and
every section needs to work together so
every little section kind of grabs their
attention back because they're always
skimming always right that's what we
want so what do you want to do in the
hero is you don't want to sell the
product you only want to show the AHA
moments so let's say the aha moment
uh for example I saw this product
yesterday just randomly and I had to
guess what it did because I I I didn't
get it at the beginning essentially what
it does is you do an an audio recording
so let's say I say I want these slides
and I want to talk about this and I want
the intro to be like this and the outro
to be like that and in between around 10
slides and I wanted to look professional
like the Apple notebook presentations
that they do or Keynotes whatever they
call it so you take that audio drop and
then there's an AI tool that generates
all the slides all the numbers uh of
size that you need let's say you say 20
it adds all the content it fills the
templates and then you just make it
happen so you saved 80% of the time
creating the slides right problem is
they just said basically their headline
was you talk we'll write and then it
showed an AI picture instead of just
showing an audio clip being turned into
a 30 slide presentation
so the moments their call to action was
good because we just said just talk and
try it it was good because you know you
do that and you'll see it right away the
problem is what what if I don't know
what to talk about what if I don't know
what I want why didn't you just show me
in the hero I could have UND understood
the AA moments right in the hero taking
an audio file into a fully fleshed
presentation and I would see that's
right in the hero and I would know 80%
of what I need to know about the
products and if I don't know enough it
creates curiosity for me to keep
scrolling down and if I I'm curious
enough to try it I'll try it right from
the hero mhm that is the goal that's how
you design your hero section there are a
lot of ways in in terms of how you can
make that work but that would be a
copyrighting master class instead of a a
few
tips love it uh tip number eight yeah so
I think uh number eight would number
eight would be removing the risk is
always easier than clarifying the
outcome so clarifying the outcome like I
just did of making a really good hero
making the claims very specific like the
the one from the dentist or the results
we talked about before like showing you
that I can build a 25 email sequence in
30 minutes or whatever it is that takes
a lot of skill in order to always find
the angle that would work for you
especially if you're working on the same
thing for a long time if it's your own
products working on the same thing for a
long time it's very very hard that
they're going to find that angle just a
random example when write copy for
myself it's 100 times harder because
I've been doing the same thing for a
while and I just don't have an outside
perspective and obviously if I can try
to find the inspiration all the other
websites kind of suck so I just have no
ideas right I need to look elsewhere I
need to look at another industry or
something try to get a few ideas it's
just much harder even for me that I
already do this all day every day for
the past seven years right so it's much
much easier for you to remove the RIS
than it is to clarify the welcome so if
you look at your page it would be much
easier to make your call to actions
clearer to address any objections that
people have or to just provide more
examples to whatever thing you're
talking about let's say you have that
interior design tool and you're saying
that you can design like really fast or
you have lots of models why don't you
show me more examples of 3D models
already have why don't you show me
examples of what your users have built
right just show me more examples so then
I visually see it and then just clicks
right addressing objections let's say
let's say we stay with the same tool one
objection would be my computer is not
going to be powerful enough to do this
so what we just say is the rendering
happens in our servers so your computer
never slows down and you can keep using
it because nothing happens in your
computer locally nothing right yeah uh
and you actually get uh we said
something along the lines you get photo
realistic renders within 30 minutes and
usually we take the entire day and you
can use the computer uh and then clear
call to actions is the ones that we said
above right so instead of saying you're
going to get a free trial you said what
is the outcome of that free trial what
is this thing that I'm going to get for
free and so on right it's much easier to
do those three than it is to make the
alcome clearer because that's requires a
a lot of copyrighting skills yeah that
makes a lot sense it's almost I'm almost
thinking to in terms of like like
inverse thinking you know sometimes it's
it's hard for folks to clarify how to
get somewhere they're like you know but
it's much easier to think from the
perspective of how do you not get there
and then listing those things out and
yep kind of taking that parallel here in
in the same in the same regard so it's
like if you can remove the risk then it
becomes a no-brainer to them and they're
like what do I got to lose let me try it
you know uh that this is a random tip
that you just uh remind me of uh that is
related to what he said this is just a
mental model and I use this for whenever
I'm boarding clients and I try to find
their USBS and so on and this is useful
if you kind of just stuck and don't know
where USB P are anymore because you
worked on the same thing for a while it
is much easier to find what are the
problems with other tools than it is to
find the benef the benefits or unique
benefits of your tool right so if you go
through someone else's reviews it's much
easier to to understand that hey their
support sucks because it's really slow
and it's based in uh India and all the
clients are from the US and then
everyone's at sleep or they support
their supports they forward you to an
article instead of fixing the issue so
it's useless or it's lacking this
feature
or this thing is slow or whatever right
is it's much easier to then turn that
and turn it into yourb right for example
in your case your support would be hey
everything is US based or is 20 or is
based around the world so it's up 24/7
we're not going to send you to uh send
you a an article we're going to fix the
issue because our support team and we I
used it with the clients as well our
support team is actually not support
people these are the engineers working
on the products so if you have an issue
testing because this that was a QA
testing tool y we'll fix it because we
are the engineers working on the
product and that just works amazing just
giving a just giving an example on my
side when I was thinking through ad
conversion and how we're going to build
this thing and structure it I was doing
research on otheris and seeing what are
the things people hate about the current
standard and one of the things that I
kept seeing was people said the course
content is amazing but it's just way too
long I don't like I'm just so busy I
don't have the time to be able to
consume all this material so then from
there I worked backwards and that's how
I came up with the idea of we're only
going to have no lesson longer than 10
minutes by Design so it's a rule that we
have for all of our courses no lesson
can be longer than 10 minutes and it's
purposely so that we can help combat
that issue of having these bloated
courses and it also it helps Focus the
instructors as well in terms of what's
the 8020 here right because you only got
10 minutes a lesson to to really get
your point across on what matters most
yeah and I like doing the the same thing
as well it also for like when you have a
very clear outcome like a smaller
outcome then that also helps quite a lot
The Next Step would be that AA moments
are like the key to making a really good
landing page so if you don't know where
to start right because you haven't done
this like 100 times I haven't written
like hundreds of pages at this point
right it's not going to be as easy for
you to figure out what is the what
should I write right what should I add
to my page what the structure needs to
be like and so on uh this won't fix all
those issues but it'll just make it
easier right so let's say you open up a
your notes or your Google doc or
whatever instead of thinking about what
should I write in this page you think
about what are the AHA moments that
people get during the tra or the demo
that they should get on the landing page
and list them out so maybe it's seeing
that our support is very engaging like
for example our Engineers reply to all
the tickets not normal support people
right like the typical support person
another thing could be that you can
create a test using the same clients you
can create a test using a Chrome
extension and you create it in 2 minutes
and anyone can do it so why don't we
just show someone creating a test really
fast and showing that it has uh we we we
show that so we showed watch me create a
50 plus step uh QA test in 2 minutes
something like that and that was
something that a developer would have to
make and they would keep breaking
uh whereas they could just use a Chrome
extension click through it it was
recording and then that's it they just
have to pretend they're a user anyone in
the team could use it so you just keep
using the same thing what what is a list
of AA moments that people get that
they're not seeing on the website and
then you just come up with ideas on how
to show those and then that would make
your page 10 times better already Right
Way clearer that is an easy framework to
think about I love that yeah uh also
folks connect with your sales team you
know if you listen to this you're on the
marketing side connect with your sales
team and ask them because if anyone
knows the AHA moments better than anyone
it's your sales team because when
they're running that demo they know the
areas within their pitch where they they
see their prospects light up they lean
in they get interested so really working
closely with your sales team and making
sure that you're mirroring those top aha
moments on the landing pages is is a
easy go-to place yeah I I if they have a
sales team I always have like a couple
people on the on boarding calls as well
and I asked them the exactly that
question what is something that makes
them light up during the call or at the
end not all the objections are actually
relevant because people have a lot of BS
objections just to get around the real
objection so usually the biggest ones
happen if they have a very specific
question around a feature they have a
use case they want let's say you have a
big agency and you're looking for a CRM
and you have this requirement maybe it's
a legal requirements and if you can't
use that then you can buy the tool that
is one objection to look out for but
usually the biggest ones are at the ends
when you're trying to get the commitment
to actually sign up and get started
that's when the real questions come in
because theyve been avoiding those the
entire call right so that's definitely
get them involv one of the things that
I'm picking up I don't know if you've
noticed this Pedro but as you're going
through these different points you're
consistently bringing up questions to
ask you know maybe it's like
subconscious for you now cuz you've been
doing this for so long but it's you're
bringing up these questions and then
those questions are surfacing insights
for you it just always leads me to
there's this great thing it's like we
don't lack good answers we we lack great
questions and if you ask a great
question you'll get a great answer so if
you're listening to this like thinking
through those critical questions to ask
yourself already will give you a mental
frame to then have a chance at finding
better answers because people start from
scratch you know what I mean they don't
they're not asking a good question to
begin and then they're all already at a
disadvantage trying to struggle to find
the right answer that is that is really
good because one objection that I
usually get is people think their Market
is always different or more difficult
and so on that is like the ego thing
that I talked about where in my case
I've done it hundreds of times I I know
I'm going to find a way to make it
better uh is just for me it's not it's
not even a question but for them because
they haven't seen it it seems really
hard because they haven't seen it they
haven't seen me doing it so what I
usually say is obviously I've show that
I've worked with lots of different
niches that usually helps but the main
thing is you want to think about me as
almost like your therapist so you show
up to the call that's where I get all
the insights or most of the insights
like 80% of the insights then we do like
async stuff or questions and look at
reviews and competitors and so on let's
say we're just talking about the
onboarding call you show up to the call
almost like a therapy so you have all
the answers you know the niche you've
worked on this Niche and then this
product for years but I have the
questions I'm I'm the one that extracts
the insights out of you and finds which
ones are relevant and which ones are
trash that you need to get away with get
uh get away from and there are false
beliefs and they're just uh hurting your
mental health or something right I'm the
therapist that extracts all the insights
but you have the insights right over
time because I've worked with so many
NES I'm going to know exactly what the
objections are cuz I've I've done them
before but assume that that's I don't
don't anything I'll still be able to
extract that's the goal yep I love it
you guys yeah you're listening to this
if you don't have somebody to run it by
be your own
therapist you know as cheesy as it
sounds you know and and and go through
that mental exercise and workshop it but
yeah it's it's such a great frame to
think from all right I know we are
coming up on the hour and I want to be
respectful of your time so moving on to
the 10th tip yeah so we we should be
able to squeeze these tips the no
problem so the let's say the last step
then we have a little bit of a bonus is
the three pillars for a great landing
page this is how we want to think about
any landing page this is like a mental
framework I use and if you miss if you
missed any of these pillars you're
losing out on conversions because they
have to work together so the three
pillars I always talk about are the
results why is it better and the risk so
I'll give you an idea if they look at
your landing page and I don't understand
what is the result that I that I'm going
to get then it's not worth it it's not
worth buying right because even if I
understand that it's better than what
I'm using now and it's actually very
easy to get started so there's no risk
but I don't see the outcome then it's a
nice to have cuz it's a tool it's one of
those tools that'll see on product ones
looks really cool in reality it's not
really that useful and no one buys and
then they go out of business right it's
a shiny objects mhm no one pays for it
they see it as a nice to have if you
miss that pillar if they let's say the
next spell is being perceived as better
than what they're using now it's not 10%
better needs to be like 10 times better
needs to feel like a game changer so
let's say they go to your website they
understand the outcome oh I'm going to
save a ton of time with this it's
actually very easy to get started
there's no risk all my concerns are
answered but I don't see why this is
better than what I'm using now what I'm
going to think is this tool is amazing
but I already have a solution for this
the tool that I use already provides the
same outcome so why should I switch I
want I won't sign up right and the last
pillar is the risk so if I understand
that the outcome that I'm going to get
from this page is really good I'm going
to make a bunch of money from this
product right it's going to save me a
ton of time whatever is way better than
what I'm using now it's like 10 times
better than what I'm using now but for
whatever reason the risk is missing I
assume it's going to take 6 months to
set up or I have 50 people in my sales
team let's say this is a sales tool and
I have to ret them how to use this tool
and probably change our sales process in
order to use this tool so therefore
realistically this not going to happen
because people are not really you know
open to change and people are not going
to my sales team is not going to adopt
this new tool so even if it was much
better let's uh decide on this later
right that's what if you are on a demo
call they'll say this is great but we're
not ready to buy yet maybe in 6 months
and those 6 months never come they keep
delaying it because the risk is too high
so if you're missing any one of these
you're just losing out on a bunch of
business they have to work together so
use that mental framework to know what's
missing which one of the pillars is
missing the most for sure you're missing
all three but which one is the worst at
the moment so just to just to recap it
back first pillar is is the result right
going back to the if we pull the
frequency from this transcript of the
word how many times the word outcome was
mentioned you know if you guys get one
thing right really speaking to the
outcome what's the result that they're
going to get
then speaking to how it's better and and
being specific right we talked about
earlier specifics showing examples
getting creative on how you can create
undeniable proof If you're going to
leverage social proof make sure that
you're leveraging social proof that's
relevant based on the Persona the use
case or the industry really show people
don't just tell them and then from there
they're you know in their mind they
basically build up like okay I can see
how this can help us it sounds fantastic
but I have inertia right I I'm stuck in
my ways I I've got everyone on my tool
and then I'm going to have to go through
all this migration and Etc whatever the
the the perceived risk is and all that
in terms of time and money and that's
why you want to address that as like
your final piece here within the within
the framework yeah exactly and then we
have like just one last bonus tip which
I think is very very important even
though it looks really small is that you
want to improve your mental reference so
I'll give you two random examples for
this so when I was a kid I used to draw
a lot right and I do like for 12 hours a
day like that's I do that all day every
day and I was really good at drawing and
I still draw like once or twice a year
so essentially you you give me like an
image and I can recreate it is almost
like a puzzle to me but I realized over
the years it's it's not I wouldn't be an
artist even if I draw really well I
wouldn't never be an artist because what
I'm doing is I'm copying something so an
artist that can come up with something
and draw it out the my favorite ones are
like video game artists because they
come up with an entire world from their
head I don't know what kind of drugs
they're on um but but it's like insanely
talented yeah uh because the reason why
they could make that work is because
they have insanely good mental reference
of what a wild dog would look like or
what a gun looks like or or what a
post-apocalyptic world would look like
they're having same mental reference of
what it should look like so they can
draw it out from memory right they don't
need that much much copy and so on they
do have pictures in their screen before
they start drawing but they have really
good reference of what it needs to look
like and that's what you want to have
for landing pages so if you don't want
to educate yourself of what's a good
landing page and what's not then you
going to keep copying the wrong people
what most people do is they look at big
SAS companies they have lots of brand
awareness they can afford to make really
vague messaging because everyone knows
what they do like MailChimp MailChimp
was one of the worst examples on Earth
or a s or something everyone knows what
they do they waste a bunch of money on
ads they don't make any money they keep
losing money every year and then they
can afford to do that because they have
interent capital and they have huge
brand awareness you'll never be able to
do that right so you need to be Cal
crystal clear you can afford to not do
that right yeah so let's let's me give
you a random analogy let's go back to
the dating analogy let's say s you're
single and you want to go out on a bunch
of dates and you're looking to dress
better right because you don't have a
good mental reference of what would make
you more attractive what do you do you
have you have a stupid haircut you have
your beard uh shaved weirdly uh you have
like really weird clothes that they're
colorful and they look like trash and
you have like the most horrible style
ever hey man you didn't hear that's in
that's that's the that's the new fit
what are you talking about no Blended
face yeah maybe you're just ahead of
your time like to too ahead of your time
but but yeah and then you go on dates
and then no one finds you attractive
because you have like the weird style
ever uh and then you wonder why is that
right same thing happens with your
landing page you keep looking at the
wrong reference and then you copy it and
no one likes it no one no one
understands it and then no one signes up
is the exact same thing the blind
leading the blind essentially you know
exactly yeah yeah makes a lot of sense I
you know the the quote that comes to
mind is from Pablo Picasso and it's good
artist copy great artist steel and you
need to constantly be on the look and
searching for inspiration that that you
can steal insights from then recreate it
and make it in your own way yeah exactly
and then over time you'll be able to
come up with your examples on the spots
because unconsciously you'll have
hundreds of of examples in your head
that you're unconsciously cutting in in
in gluing them together mhm and then you
don't have writer's block you can throw
things at the dock and it just works I
love that improve your mental reference
guys if you're listening to this if
you're if you're responsible for
creating Landing Pages writing copy
study more copy see what it looks great
copy looks like uh if you've got to
design a landing page go study great
landing pages I think the hardest part
for people listening to this I'm just
playing Devil's at in their mind is like
they're like well I don't know where to
find good examples or I don't know where
to find good ads and for me at least
like what my experience is I tell people
to just start with the things that catch
your attention be mindful of it and then
document it you know cuz of times you're
you know we're getting inundated with
all this marketing material but we're
not stopping and pausing and then
documenting the things that actually
caught us yeah one last example that I
think would work really well is uh like
I said I used to like draw every day
when I was a kid and then I stopped
drawing basically because I couldn't
meet the expectation in my head I was
just like a little bit too crazy over it
but what happened is I kept being
interested on it right so I kept looking
at things and I kept looking at uh speed
painting which is just a time lapse of
people designing stuff and the reason
why I'm saying this is because an artist
doesn't train their hands they they
train their eyes right so once I like
say once a year I I draw again I'm
always better even though I didn't draw
because I keep seeing things and how
other people draw and it's training my
eye so when I get to drawing it just it
just works I might be a little bit more
shaky because I also my hands shake a
little bit so that's the hardest part
cuz if you don't practice you the many
muscles you have here it's hard to
control but besides that like if you
train your eye that's everything for an
artist right so same thing with landing
pages if you try your if you train your
eye for what's good and what's bad then
you can come up with things on the spot
and you'll get better even without
writing right on I hope you guys got a
ton of value from this episode uh I feel
like we could have charged for this 10
tip master class that it you know truly
became um Pedro if people wanted to
connect you where can they find you
uh yeah so they can search for my name
and find me on LinkedIn or they can go
to uh cz. design which is my website
where you can find uh uh you know
essentially what we're doing is we
rewrite your page and seven business
days it's fully done for you and
essentially instead of going through the
trial and error of figuring out what to
write how we can make the page really
good and so on what we do is you jump on
a call I'll get all the information from
you as you can see I can do it on the
spots because I've done it hundreds of
times and we will write the perfect page
for you and it'll be ready to implement
in seven business days later so that's
what we're doing and yeah you can find a
bunch more info about it in there or on
LinkedIn or ask me questions in there or
anything around those lines I'm always
happy to help notice how he said we'll
reite your your page in seven days
specific outcome not just I will rewrite
your page so a great way to show like to
end everything and kind of put you what
you preach into practice you know with
with what you're doing on your own side
so thank you so much for being here I I
know everyone's going to get a ton out
of it so guys if you aren't connected
with Pedro on LinkedIn feel free to
follow him he posts great content on
LinkedIn and uh definitely go ahead and
check out his website if you're looking
for help with your landing pages thanks
so much Pedro awesome thanks for having
me